 The soilder who remains alive in battle should be added back to the army, since they are not died. There should also an option of getting gems instead of purchase.                                   Multiple builder can be used instead of single to speed-up upgrade.                                        Time taken in upgrade things are too much. It should b reduced may be charges increased i.e double the charges half the upgration time .   
 U should make a feature that u can search for players,not from clan search because some players r not in clans. U must remove the feature that u keep on waiting 2 days untill the upgrade is finished, what will happen if its built in 30 Seconds?   
 One of my builders supposedly have finished one of my mortars,, it is only One day building the mortar and when i checked it added more 8 hours,,,fixed that issue plssss....   
 I havnt been playing very long but seeing similar items to Castle Clash. (How many games are there that are similar?).  So far the only difference i see is...  1. Heros, unless they come at a higher lvl, i  havnt seen them yet.  2. Army camps function differently, in CC the produce and store army, here they need 1 bldg to train/produce and 1 to store.   
 Cannot control troops. Troops lost after battle though didn't die. Troops attack wall instead of cannon behind it. Some troops run to wall instead of building beside it. Please fix this as it makes the game ill designed.   
 Always force closing and keyboard never stays up so I can't make a clan or join and talk, ridiculous.. Fix then I'll be a hella more active..   
 I like it a lot I'm a town hall 9   
 Just started a few days ago and I'm hooked, in fact I've never wrote a review before so you could say clash of clans popped my review cherry. It hurt a little at first but now I like it... :)   
 I just wish gems could be gotten more often and also these days getting high loots isn't easy. More gold is spent in searching for loot than we get. Pls do something about that. All the same it's d best strategy game for me so far. Kudos!   
 Update the game on thanksgiving and make it like 50% of every thing. If u gays can   
Great game and all. But you should let ppl us more than one builder and when a battle is done the soldiers that survived should be saved to the camp again   
Must fixed troops who are shooting walls even if there's nothing inside of it, especially the King.  Many times happen that troops aint going to what you aim for. Instead going forward to the second defense on line to your target. Need to have advance cooking on the spells like on the way you train troops.   
 My 1 acc. Lost because of my cp irs broken it has many apps so i shall reboot it lvl 6 town hall lvl 6 archer tower lvl 7cannon lvl 5 wall other is 6 and now im starting again thnx supercell for this game i love it i very enjoyed i hope many games to come  thnx =)   
 This game is very fun. And fir everyone getting raided over and over supercell is working on fixing that as far as I know.I'm also not sure what   game you're playing cause I never get raided (im th8).and if    you do rice or shields and get resources through pumps while doing something else EDIT: there needs to be a way to directly find/message players. If this is added I will go back to 5 stars   
 But i think u guys should add town hall 11 cuz so many ppl who has a maxed th 10 u should added new town hall level  and cannon lvl 13 and army camp with level 9   
 About half of the time when I open the game, my phone restarts when the app is loading. This is the only app that my phone has done this with. Uninstalled. Fix this and I'll reinstall and change to a 5 star.   
 Pliss add more flying heroes using elixir that cheap an att anythin..and i got 1 prob...everytime i search for enemy...i just seen not more than 100k...only few of time..and 1 more thing..pliss add more achivement ...tq   
 I've been playing this game on the regular for about a year never had a problem until 4 million gold disappeared . Wtf   
 This game is amazing you'll never get tired of playing .......but please upgrade the game more and put more green gems in the trees and rocks ....add more troops in the barracks...thank you....   
 It sucks cause you don't get your people back when u battle if they r still alive but overall I still like it a lil and your gens go away fast instead of usin gems to quicken your troops they should make some guys called trainers for 500 coins they have a way way of making u lose your gems fast get the troops split up   
Hey dude, could you please check my clan names? A few days ago the name was Holocaust but since we updated the game to the hellowen version it changed by "Cookiehaulers", even this bugs doesnt influence our war logs and all members but its really disturbing a new comer who want to check in. I hope ur team can fix this ASAP. Otherwise this game really make me addict !! Gudjob .thanks   
 It jus needs a lil more improvement, like those troops should be more smarter or maybe can we be able to manually control them on what to attack so they won't go on separate ways lol xD Overall, its a good game it helps me kills my time in a fun way!!! (^_^)   
 this game is like... totally wicked dude... I'm not a kewl kid but i like  to think i am by playing this game. i don't have many friends at all.   
 Please Supercell .... As a clan Leader ... i would like to have to power to erase messages on the clan chat room... or erase the whole clan chat room ... please edit this to this game...   
 The game is pretty good. Upgrades take waaaay to long though as you get higher up. Gems are expensive but the game gives you plenty of free gems through achievements and clearing trees and rocks in exchange for the high gem cost in the store   
 Can you add new decorations like roses or other flowers. Over all the games is great and good. But, my friend has an lg phone but it won't open for him. And can clan have other clans into an alliance and can we trade resources.. Complain   
 Great game but once i hit town hall 8 , matchmaking sucks!!!, should add a filter so we could customize our raid searches   
Epitome of fair iap. Getting raided by higher lv and th is not the game's fault. I totally get it. It's part of the game economy and though I don't like getting raided, I also like raiding others specially with a lot of resources.   
 For those who complains about gems, use your builder to savage the trees/rocks/bushes, they'll generally give you 1-5 gems, and they'll regen over time, supercell clearly has already thought about this in their development. The game encourage you to join clans so that you will be more protected from others, it will be hard at the beginning due to the lack of buildings and abilities, but hey if there is no challenges then what's the point of the game? For people who downloaded this, patient will help you win   
 Pretty fun game. The first mobile game to make me spend money! Don't install unless you wanna go broke ;)   
 Well I had a th7  but I lost my progress and I went to help and support and sent meseges and they haven't given me my base back please fix this I need my th7 and what's weird I joined my old clan I was in and it says the name of my old base and it is and I still don't have my village back????????????   
 Since the update the lag has increase considerably... Please sort this out. Could you also make it possible unit use the same village on three devices? Thanks   
 Runs extremely hot on HTC One m7. Battery is drained at 1% per minute. Please investigate.   
 Soldiers that survive should be returned back to camp, two or more builders be used, other ways to get gems ie: daily player video worth 3 gems at least   
 In the next update plz get the 1gem gold and exailer boost again...it helps a lot and saves a lot of time..other wise it gets very difficult to produce significant amount of gold .. Anyways good game and keep it up :D   
 This game does not allow you to protect your own village withyour own troops. You can only use a few given by others. Not real. Cannot trade with anyone to get something have to actually purchase everything. Gets old fast!!   
 Ever since i started playing this game i knew i was going to be addicted. The best android game I've ever played. Keep it up??SUPER CELL   
 Thangz cost way to much gold or exlier. To hard to get gems ?? without using real money ?? Way to long to upgrade stuff and cost way to much to upgrade   
Please have an update. Creat medic structure so that the units that didnt die in the battle can restore its life and can be counted as units you can deploy or put in war again. Thanks   
 If it worked i would play it more...great game but stopped working....also there should be a set limit of gold and elixer that people should be allowed to steal...oh look i finlly saved up a million gold...psyche one person wrecked my base and stole four hundred thousand...nice try saving   
