 Off late when ever I get calls from numbers not on my phone, I do not get truecaller notification about them.. This happens even after disconnecting the call where there is no post call summary. Kindly fix this asap   
 In the previous UI, I was able to edit the links of the contact to their social profiles. But now I can't find the option to change the social profile links. Even switching synchronization on doesn't work. Plz add it again.   
 H   
 I have tried every way to sign in but all it keeps doing is show a message saying 'Profile could not be saved, please try again.' And i must have tried more than 100 times by now. Please fix it.   
 Still better than others.new interface not good.   
 Very useful app for every smart phone users . I often seen that it's working very slow whenever we receive unknown calls. The notification is received after call being ended. But if you're connected to wifi network it works in better fashion.   
 Hadn't been working for like it has in the past couple of months. I know not every name or location will show with the number. It runs to slow to catch up with the name and number even when I know who is calling. Sometimes it doesn't even pop up at all. Have reinstalled this app a few times have also restarted my phone thinking that was a issue. Hmmm.... right now it's just an okay app.   
 Please give us accurate software so that unknown numbers we can correctly trace..   
Overall good app   
 Love that it truly shows me spammers I should already have a do not call list blocking them. Hate that it will randomly block my Boyfriend's,  friends and family's calls by it's own truecaller discretion. These are numbers usually allowed, but once in awhile,  it states it has blocked them. Will uninstall if this happens one more time.   
 After the call block message my phone keeps on vibrating till I dnt unlock my phone and lock it again. The same issue i found out with my friends phone too. Please rectify it to earn 5 stars. Thanks   
 The app works great until the new design, I can't let people know who the spammer is ... I like to write down info on what the call was about, so people can read what it was about . Also I can't report a spam caller.   I also thought when I pressed on the person contact name It would take me into further detail on who and where  and what others said it was that called but instead it called the person!   
 Just says couldn't connect all the time. No matter if 4G or wifi it still does nothing. Deleted and downloaded again, problem remains.  Pretty shame for such a well downloaded app.   
 Un identify call can ignore and while dailing new no u can check Id no wrong no it help a lot   
 It's an excellent app I have ever used....helps you identify most of the unwanted/unknown calls.....outstanding performance. Finally, I wish if they could provide the phone number data from the operators directory, which will help us validate the actual caller coz most of the numbers are saved using nick names.   
 Worked the very first time I had a phone call.  Gives you the option to block or allow a person trying to call you. I have a lot of spam numbers calling me, it also gives you the option to place in spam/block caller. The free version shows you where the call comes from.  It may be a 1-800 number, but the call really originates from India. This application shows you everything you need to know!  Why upgrade?  You don't need to, it's perfect! Thanks!   
 It is a very good app.U can find the name of any unknown person calling u.It can help u track a lot of fake calls and many more.Just love itt   
 Uninstall. Doesn't identify unknown calls   
 1- The premium feature to enable you to find out who searched you is not there. Although they heavily advertise that. I see a lawsuit there. 2- They promise they'll ask for permission to charge you at the beginning of every month. They don't. I am speaking on behalf of myself and 5 of my classmates.   
 Dear Developers, please make true caller compatible with avast mobile security.   
 Great job guys, just need small improvement in call blocking system,  call should get blocked directly without reaching the receiver. There should be an option for sms blocking like dnd with filters. True caller database server now have huge database of contact no. Hope you guys will keep it secure and safe ;) .   
 Can't find numbers on truecaller anymore. The UI has improved with new updates but usefulness drastically reduced. Sad. Im a loyal truecaller user n will not be happy to switch to any other app. Kindly work on this.   
No proper location  shown  in the  address  while  getting  an unknown  number  if unknown  number  is  in bangalore  it shows  other states and  wrong locations  previous  it was  good  fix it if we get  an unknown  number  it should  show  proper locations  it will be good   .   
Improve something more like sometimes call from unknown number came name doesnot display country name display its not good   
 it's such a shame that I can't use the blocking feature thanks to this app not being compatible, wth? C'mon such a huge disappointment! This is a great app otherwise.   
 I am using a dual sim phone. Only one of the numbers is registered as my number and TC is blocking spam calls to that number. But my second number is still unprotected and gets spam calls of all kind. Is there any way I can add that second number? And why isn't SMS blocking present for KitKat or Lollipop?   
 I luv to use truecaller but now after call when i search for contact i m not able to find any contact name. Plz help.   
 This Ap warns me about 90% of sales calls and saves me hours of wasted time. I've told everyone about how great this Ap is.  Great Work!   
 One thing hate is if the number is not in call log then it still comes up as unknown or private or it's brings up the name late of who's calling.   
 Simply wonderful, I do not have to take nuisance calls and tell marketing idiot calls.Thanks for True Caller   
 It's so good after all. And the other paid features are good too.   
 I'hv used an old version nd nw m using new version but the same issue is still persist. Can't get a actual location of caller where no. Belongs from and also still getting a ring for 5 seconds from those callers whom I blocked. Pls if u guys updating a version kindly fix this problem.   
 Overall it's nice, does not recognize everything but there's that option to type who it is once you find out. If advertisement, then you can block for next time. The overlay is cool too for texts, but would be nice to be able to tap the overlay and go to that text message. Also, it keeps saying update to 5.01 but it's already updated.   
 I do not hate it nor do I like it. It doesn't verify my no. Like some1 has mentioned before it doesn't work with moto phones Well it works fine now . But I do feel guilty of making my contacts public without their permission.   
 Text blocking is not available from Android 4.4 OS. Please fix this. I uninstalled my previous blocker (which had text blocking) to try this app and got this notification after setting up.   
 Doesn't always get the phone number right, but it was helpful more times than it wasn't. Worth 5 stars!   
so good   
 I have enjoyed this app, notifying me of known scam numbers and persons trying to hide their identity, I recommend it to everyone.   
 I wanted to block numbers so my voicemail don't fill up with a bunch of junk but it doesn't work it keeps my phone from ringing but it lets them leave me voicemails every single day which is the whole reason why I downloaded this app.. uninstalling...   
 First i want to apologize about that i installed your program when i thought that you break the privacy by discover feature and when i found that there's an option that i can close the details and make it request only.. I install the app again.. Thank you guys:))..and i'm srry:))   
